added refresh rate per discussion #310 (#313)
lazd/coronadatascraper: README.md

## Where's the data?

> https://coronadatascraper.com/  We are aiming to refresh it evey day at 9PM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://coronadatascraper.com/

## How often is it updated?

We upload fresh data every day at around 9PM PST.
```
